Add a PR template and issue template (#394)
delta-incubator/delta-kernel-rs: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
Thanks for sending a pull request!  Here are some tips for you:
  1. If this is your first time, please read our contributor guidelines: https://github.com/delta-incubator/delta-kernel-rs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

>   2. Ensure you have added or run the appropriate tests for your PR and run `cargo fmt`.

Reviewer: can we add a quick one-liner for testing? Maybe something to the effect of "run `cargo t --all-features --all-targets` to get started testing"

  3. Ensure you have added or run the appropriate tests for your PR.
  4. If the PR is unfinished, add '[WIP]' in your PR title, e.g., '[WIP] Your PR title ...'.
  5. Be sure to keep the PR description updated to reflect all changes.
-->

> ### What changes are proposed in this pull request?

Reviewer: nit: make it H2?

Please clarify what changes you are proposing and why the changes are needed.
The purpose of this section is to outline the changes, why they are needed, and how this PR fixes the issue.
If the reason for the change is already explained clearly in an issue, then it does not need to be restated here.
  1. If you propose a new API or feature, clarify the use case for a new API or feature.
  2. If you fix a bug, you can clarify why it is a bug.

>   3. If possible, provide a concise example to reproduce the issue for a faster review.

Reviewer: should this be here or in the issue template?

Author: Yeah this was part of spark one, but you're right that it makes more sense in an issue

-->

<!--
Uncomment this section if there are any changes affecting public APIs:

> ### Does this PR affect any _public_ APIs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### This PR affects the following public APIs
```

> If yes, please ensure the `breaking-changes` label gets added by CI, and describe why the changes are needed.

Reviewer: Isn't required right? New public API could mean no breaking changes? Maybe we just say 'if there are breaking changes please ensure the label blah blah. note only _new_ public APIs are not considered breaking changes.

Note that _new_ public APIs are not considered breaking.
-->

### How was this change tested?
<!--

> If tests were added, say they were added here. Please make sure to add some test cases that check the changes thoroughly including negative and positive cases if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to add test cases that check the changes thoroughly including negative and positive cases if possible.
```

<!--
Thanks for sending a pull request!  Here are some tips for you:
  1. If this is your first time, please read our contributor guidelines: https://github.com/delta-incubator/delta-kernel-rs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

>   2. Ensure you have added or run the appropriate tests for your PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Ensure you have added or run the appropriate tests for your PR and run `cargo fmt`.
```

Reviewer: probably also include high-level testing command? just say to run `cargo t --workspace --all-features` or something?

  3. If the PR is unfinished, add '[WIP]' in your PR title, e.g., '[WIP] Your PR title ...'.
  4. Be sure to keep the PR description updated to reflect all changes.

>   5. Please write your PR title to summarize what this PR proposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   6. If possible, provide a concise example to reproduce the issue for a faster review.

Reviewer: move `6.` to below?

-->

> ### What changes were proposed in this pull request?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What changes are proposed in this pull request?
```

<!--
Please clarify what changes you are proposing. The purpose of this section is to outline the changes and how this PR fixes the issue.

> If possible, please consider writing useful notes for better and faster reviews in your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-->

> ### Why are the changes needed?

Reviewer: can we remove this and just add a note in the comment above for 'what changes are proposed' to say 'Include why the changes are needed'? again just trying to streamline/simplify

<!--
Please clarify why the changes are needed. If this is already explained clearly in an issue, then this section is not needed.
  1. If you propose a new API or feature, clarify the use case for a new API or feature.
  2. If you fix a bug, you can clarify why it is a bug.
-->

> ### Does this PR introduce _any_ user-facing change?
> <!--
> Note that it means *any* user-facing change including all aspects such as the documentation fix.
> If yes, please clarify the previous behavior and the change this PR proposes - provide the console output, description and/or an example to show the behavior difference if possible.
> If no, write 'No'.
> -->

Reviewer 2: This feels a bit "heavy".  Maybe something more like:
```suggestion
### Does this PR effect any _public_ APIs?
<!--
If yes, please ensure the `breaking-changes` label gets added by CI, and describe why the changes are needed.

Note that _new_ public APIs are not considered breaking.
-->
```

### How was this change tested?
<!--
If tests were added, say they were added here. Please make sure to add some test cases that check the changes thoroughly including negative and positive cases if possible.

> If it was tested in a way different from regular unit tests, please clarify how you tested step by step, ideally copy and paste-able, so that other reviewers can test and check, and descendants can verify in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it was tested in a way different from regular unit tests, please clarify how you tested, ideally via a reproducible test documented in the PR description.
```

> If tests were not added, please describe why they were not added and/or why it was difficult to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-->

<!--

> Adapted from Apache Spark's pull request template: https://github.com/apache/spark

Reviewer 2: Do we need this?

Reviewer: i think this was originally my suggestion :) but i meant for us to just credit them in the PR description or something - don't need to have it in the actual template

  4. Be sure to keep the PR description updated to reflect all changes.
  5. Please write your PR title to summarize what this PR proposes.
  6. If possible, provide a concise example to reproduce the issue for a faster review.
-->

### What changes were proposed in this pull request?
<!--
Please clarify what changes you are proposing. The purpose of this section is to outline the changes and how this PR fixes the issue.
If possible, please consider writing useful notes for better and faster reviews in your PR.
-->

### Why are the changes needed?
<!--
Please clarify why the changes are needed. If this is already explained clearly in an issue, then this section is not needed.
  1. If you propose a new API or feature, clarify the use case for a new API or feature.
  2. If you fix a bug, you can clarify why it is a bug.
-->

### Does this PR introduce _any_ user-facing change?
<!--
Note that it means *any* user-facing change including all aspects such as the documentation fix.
If yes, please clarify the previous behavior and the change this PR proposes - provide the console output, description and/or an example to show the behavior difference if possible.

> If possible, please also clarify if this is a user-facing change compared to the released Spark versions or within the unreleased branches such as master.

Reviewer 3: Spark? :p
